waste
The leader has already made a clear inquiry
Madam and Master
Chen Meimei
And the Fang family, father, son and others are all in this hospital
outrageous
Nancheng is really lawless
Are you going to fight my winner to the end?
Patriarch, this Ouyang Feilong is definitely not that simple
The Fang family went to the hospital to rob people and attack 35 times
Every time there is no return
Our people are also folded and killed
Could it be that Ouyang Feilong did all this?
I heard what I heard
I heard there are a lot of new faces in Southtown recently.
frequent movement
Some of them I know.
They are all international bosses.
International boss
Nice
Each of them is famous internationally
But they share a common identity
That is the little master of the Eastern Wei Emperor Sun Dian
Could it be that Ouyang Feilong is really
Emperor Senior Hall Master
Hmm, absolutely impossible
What kind of person is the hall master of the emperor's palace?
How could it be the rapist from 5 years ago?
Give you 5 years
Can you go from trash to world spoiler?
Strength depends on accumulation
It took hundreds of years to accumulate with the Chen family to become the Big Three
But anyway
Dragons, sheep and flying dragons are by no means idle things
Just meet him
See what kind of three heads and two arms he has